Welcome to Workbook 2.5.
I already went ahead and launched the Starter Project.
Task one tells us that before we return the leaf template, we need to add data to our model.
So we'll go back to our handler method, whose name is very generic.
We'll say model dot add attribute.
Um.
We need to add an attribute with key painting that maps to a value of Mona Lisa.
All right.
And Task two tells us to use the leaf switch to compare the model attribute against two possible cases.
And depending on what the user store is inside the model, we're either going to display Starry Night
or we're going to display Mona Lisa.
Okay, so what we're going to have to do is create a container div.
Diff.
This container is going to contain two image elements one for Mona Lisa and one for Starry Night.
And this container, this div, is going to decide which element to render depending on what the user
has stored in the model.
So we'll use the leaf switch and we're going to use a variable expression to grab the the painting.
And then here we're going to compare the painting that was stored in the model against two possible
cases.
One case is Mona Lisa.
And another case.
Is Starry Night.
Now always remember when you're putting strings inside of some sort of leaf expression.
Use single quotes.
Sometimes even I forget to do it and you can feel free to scold me if I do, but always remember to
add your single quotes.
Anyways, if the case match is Mona Lisa, then this image will render, in which case it's going to
render the following image inside of our static folder.
So the path starts that static.
Then we can just say images or we can start with slash images.
Slash Mona Lisa dot jpeg.
And if the case match is Starry Night, then we'll say source.
Is equal to.
Let me just copy the following.
And I'll say Starry Night.
All right.
I think that's about it.
Yes.
We should give each one a width of 300.
Because I believe the Mona Lisa image is really, really big, unlike the one that you would see in
real life.
Okay, let's run the application.
Local host 1880 beautiful displays.
Mona Lisa I think I have devtools in the palm, so let me put Starry Night now.
Great.
All right.
Task three is to.
So we're going to have two developments.
One Div will display Starry Night as well as an image.
Another div will display the Mona Lisa title as well as its respective image.
So we'll have one big overarching div.
That contains our two other divs.
So one container is going to display all of the data that's related to Mona Lisa.
So this div is going to display the Mona Lisa image.
And it will display the title.
Mona Lisa.
And this div is only going to render if there is a case match where the painting that we're grabbing
from the model equals Mona Lisa.
All right.
Now we'll just copy this.
Once more, you can delete this.
And if the painting that was passed in equals Starry Night.
Then this div is going to render, in which case the header is going to be starry night.
And we're going to grab the starry night image.
So just to recap, we have one big container.
This container has two underlying containers, and this overarching div is going to determine which
div renders depending on which one has a matching case.
Is it the Mona Lisa or is it the Starry Night?
Let's find out.
In this case, it's the starry night.
If I go back and change this to Mona Lisa.
Then this div is going to display its underlying Mona Lisa div because of the case match and that is
all for Workbook 2.5.
I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next one.